Fix a typo (#15370)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/service_worker_api/using_service_workers/index.md

> **Note:** From Firefox 84, AppCache has been removed ({{bug("1619673")}}). It is also planned for removal in Chromium 90, and is deprecated in Safari.

> Service workers should finally fix these issues. Service worker syntax is more complex than that of AppCache, but the tradeoff is that you can use JavaScript to control your AppCache-implied behaviors with a fine degree of granularity, allowing you to handle this problem and many more. Using a Service worker you can easily set an app up to use cached assets first, thus providing a default experience even when offline, before then getting more data from the network (commonly known as [Offline First](https://offlinefirst.org/)). This is already available with native apps, which is one of the main reasons native apps are often chosen over web apps.

Reviewer: The Merriam-Webster gives trade-off: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/trade-off I've also seen tradeoff but it looks less common. Let's stick with the MW that is authoritative for US spelling.

```suggestion
Service workers should finally fix these issues. Service worker syntax is more complex than that of AppCache, but the trade-off is that you can use JavaScript to control your AppCache-implied behaviors with a fine degree of granularity, allowing you to handle this problem and many more. Using a Service worker you can easily set an app up to use cached assets first, thus providing a default experience even when offline, before then getting more data from the network (commonly known as [Offline First](https://offlinefirst.org/)). This is already available with native apps, which is one of the main reasons native apps are often chosen over web apps.
```
